# sl-client 
Serverless stack front end client 
# What did you learn in the process of doing this tutorial? 
- I learned a lot about AWS and how to create very user-friendly authentication systems. I liked how you had a control panel that lets you manage your users. I learned how to set up a serverless stack and create Lamda functions to interact with AWS. I think this was really interesting and In the three days I had time to work on this went from zero experience with Serverless to comfortable enough to try to expand this project says a lot. 
# What questions, thoughts, or concerns do you have about this technology stack and tutorial? 
- My First thought is there is so much more to learn. In this tutorial I only used 5 AWS services and there are so many more you could integrate with this. One question I had was what is the benefit of using table databases like Dynamo or MySQL in a serverless stack opposed to others like Mongo? I feel that the serverless stack is designed for document-based databases, but looking at various serverless projects most of them use MySQL. 
# What did you add to the App/project, and why? 
- I added an alert component that will display a message like an error or success with in the app instead of having an alert dialog box. I felt that this is cleaner and looks a little more professional than a general pop-up. When I first looked at building an alert component, I was going to build out a system with redux to dispatch the alerts but I ran out of time. so, I implemented a react alert component in the index.js file that created a react component when the use Alert hook was called in any function.   
# What do you see as some of the benefits/negatives of building Apps in the serverless stack? 
- The benefits of using a Serverless Stack is the light footprint and that you do not have to keep up and manage your servers. This can be great for when you are scaling up quickly. The down side I have found is trouble shooting. If you are managing your own server you can usually find the bug quickly. and in serverless it can take longer because you need to check your code and the service you are trying to connect with. It also gets expensive if you are doing a lot of heavy time-consuming operations. 
